{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Zapfino;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Welcome to spires.app v1.4.4!\
\
This is the last update for OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard. This version should run just fine on OS X 10.7 Lion, which is rumored to be on sale in the coming July. \
\
One of the selling point of Lion is that it supports the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com/icloud/"}}{\fldrslt iCloud}}, so that the data of an app are automatically synced across machines. A substantial rewrite of the program is required to support iCloud, and I think this is the right occasion to perform an almost complete rewrite of this spires.app, whose internal became a hodgepodge after almost three years of continual development. In particular, the Inspire support is really ad-hoc, because the app was originally designed to run on top of the spires website. \
\
So, the next version will be renamed as inspire.app, which will be designed from the ground-up to run on top of inspire website. It will also support iCloud, so that you can easily share the data among your Macs and iPads. The app will be available only through the App Store; the program will remain free of charge.  I can't guarantee when it will be available, though. \
\
Sincerely yours,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\i \cf0      \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179651 Y\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179649 u\AppleTypeServices ji Tachikaw\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179653 a\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 p.s. If you think this program useful, please {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ifrc.org/en/get-involved/donate/donation-japan/"}}{\fldrslt donate online to the Red Cross for the relief operation in Tohoku region. }}\
}