{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Zapfino;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Welcome to spires.app v1.5.0.\
\
I am very sorry that I haven't been able to find the time to work on this software. \
\
Two big changes in this version are:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The search-as-you-type feature is removed.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b There's a new option to restrict articles to only the ones with less than 25 authors
\b0 . \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I removed the search-as-you-type feature as it was very, very slow for some of the long-time users including me, for whom the database file tends to be rather big. I struggled for a while to make it faster, but I did not succeed.  It seems better, at this stage, to remove the  feature rather than making everybody suffer. \
\
The new option effectively removes most of experimental papers. To enable this, go to the menubar, open the preferences, and check the last checkbox. This can make the software run much faster. But it is only useful for string theorists, I am afraid. \
\
In the next few months, I will modernize the internals so that the software continues to run on 10.9 Marvericks.\
\
If you still use this app, don't hesitate to write to me at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp"}}{\fldrslt yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp}} and tell me what I should do with the software. I would really appreciate it. \
\
Sincerely yours,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\i \cf0      \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179651 Y\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179649 u\AppleTypeServices ji Tachikaw\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179653 a\
}