{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset128 HiraginoSans-W3;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Zapfino;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Welcome to spires.app v1.9.5.\
\
Long-time users of this app remember the days when there was a cancel button in the search bar to cancel ongoing searches. Somehow it stopped working and disappeared. (I don't know when and how and why, honestly.) Finally I re-implemented it. The cancel button is now available within the message bubble in the bottom-right. Simply click the button 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u56679  
\f0 there.\
\
The internal is also written to take advantage of a recent feature of the inspire-hep webpage which would reduce the amount of the internet traffic needed.  Again, I might have introduced stupid bugs due to the changes in the internal. If you find one, please do not hesitate to write me at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp"}}{\fldrslt yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp}} . That would help other 300+ users of this app.\
\
Also in the news:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}There is now an iOS version {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/inspire-app/id1435865611?mt=8"}}{\fldrslt inspire.app}} on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/inspire-app/id1435865611?mt=8"}}{\fldrslt App Store}}.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The app now syncs the content of the sidebar across multiple Macs, iPhones and iPads over iCloud Drive. You can disable it from the preferences.\
\pard\tx566\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Finally, you might be missing out the powerful BibTeX watcher included in this app, which has been available for a long time. Please spend one minute watching the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://member.ipmu.jp/yuji.tachikawa/spires/spires-usage-3.mov"}}{\fldrslt instruction video}} available on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://member.ipmu.jp/yuji.tachikawa/spires/"}}{\fldrslt webpage}}.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Again, please don't hesitate to write to me at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp"}}{\fldrslt yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp}} to send me this or any other bug reports, or to suggest me what I should do with the software. As I am time-constrained these days due to kids, I might not be able to implement the suggestions right now, but I am keeping notes of the suggestions. I would really appreciate it. \
\
Sincerely yours,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0      \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179651 Y\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179649 u\AppleTypeServices ji Tachikaw\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179653 a}