{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Zapfino;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Welcome to spires.app v2.0.5.\
\
I am sorry for the app not working properly for about a week in mid to late October 2021. This was due to a stupid bug where the app checked the presence on the web of the 
\f1\i old
\f0\i0  inspire web server before issuing queries, even though the app actually accessed only the 
\f1\i new
\f0\i0  web server introduced in 2020. This bug only surfaced in mid October 2021, when the old server was definitely discontinued after an electric outage at the CERN data center. I would like to thank everybody for sending me the bug reports, and I am sorry for not quickly fixing the bug. It literally took less than 10 minutes once I actually started doing it...\
\
One side effect is that the app can no longer look up harvmac-style bibliographic entries, since this feature is not supported by the new inspire web server. If many people needs this feature, I can make the app generate them. Please write to me if you want this feature.\
\
As always, whenever you notice a bug or have a suggestion for a new feature, please do not hesitate to write me at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp"}}{\fldrslt yuji.tachiawa@ipmu.jp}} . That would help other 300+ users of this app. As I am time-constrained these days due to kids, I might not be able to implement the suggestions right now, but I am keeping notes of the suggestions. I would really appreciate it. \
\
\
Also in the news:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}There is now an iOS version {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/inspire-app/id1435865611?mt=8"}}{\fldrslt inspire.app}} on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/inspire-app/id1435865611?mt=8"}}{\fldrslt App Store}}.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The app now syncs the content of the sidebar across multiple Macs, iPhones and iPads over iCloud Drive. You can disable it from the preferences.\
\pard\tx566\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Finally, you might be missing out the powerful BibTeX watcher included in this app, which has been available for a long time. Please spend one minute watching the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://member.ipmu.jp/yuji.tachikawa/spires/spires-usage-3.mov"}}{\fldrslt instruction video}} available on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://member.ipmu.jp/yuji.tachikawa/spires/"}}{\fldrslt webpage}}.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Sincerely yours,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0      \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179651 Y\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179649 u\AppleTypeServices ji Tachikaw\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF1179653 a}